so real quickly I'm going to show you
how to get your logo or a graphic into
your iPhone email signature I've been
wanting to do it for a long time so that
it would stick if you've never tried to
do it you know that
logos and graphics don't necessarily
stay in there so the first thing we're
gonna do is from your desktop or from
your work email you want to send
yourself to your iPhone a copy of the
email signature block that you're going
to want to use that's first I've already
done that so we're gonna open that up
there's the logo now from here the
problem is is that I could typically
you'd like to just highlight copy and
paste that into your signature but I'll
lose the logo and the graphics and all
that stuff so first thing we got to do
is go in forward this to ourselves so
I'm gonna include all of the attachments
and the original message which is all my
graphic data and then you're gonna go
find your signature down at the bottom
first thing we got to do is get rid of
that blue line that's over to the left
that is our quote level so we need to
get rid of that so the first thing we're
gonna do is we're gonna hit the select
button we're gonna select down past it
and get rid of that blue line on the
bottom and then we're going to whoops
we're gonna scroll up here to the top
and make sure we get all the data that
we need up here as well and then we're
gonna hit that right arrow to get to
quote level tap quote level tap I missed
it so try it again select
quote level and we're gonna decrease
that gets rid of the line okay so that's
first second thing we're gonna do is let
me get that out of there too let's
decrease it again okay good
next thing we're going to do is we're
going to copy our logo and then we're
going to go over to our settings I'm
gonna go I'm gonna scroll down to mail
going to go to signature and we're gonna
drop it in by paste and that's it
once that's in there you want to back
out so that it's saved but the true test
is when you go to actually create your
email so let's go back I'm gonna cancel
that draft of that thing we started and
we're gonna go back I'm just gonna
create a brand new email from scratch
and there it is there's our email with
our logo and all the graphics attached
do you have any questions please submit
it down at the bottom and make sure you
like the video thanks so much take care
you